{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoascreenfonts1\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\vieww17000\viewh13620\viewkind0
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2833\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Tux Paint Fonts Installer
\fs24 \
\
This program installs a fonts that can be used in Tux Paint.  There are three installation options:\
\
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
Current User:\
Fonts are installed for the current user only.  The fonts files are placed in the directory "~/Library/Application Support/TuxPaint/fonts\'94.\
\
All Users: (Requires Tux Paint 0.9.28 or later)\
Fonts are installed for all users on this Mac.  The font files are placed in the directory "/Library/Application Support/TuxPaint/fonts".\
\
Tux Paint Application:\
Fonts are installed directly into the Tux Paint application, in effect making fonts available for all users on any Mac onto which the Tux Paint application is copied.  If you choose this option, you will need to select the Tux Paint application you wish to update.  \
\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
Fonts installed via the "Current User" or "All Users" option will still be present whenever a new version of Tux Paint is installed.  However, fonts installed via the "Tux Paint Application" option will have to be reinstalled if you switch to a newer version of Tux Paint.\
\
Note that installing the fonts for \'93All Users\'94 requires Tux Paint 0.9.28 or later. To install the fonts for an earlier version of Tux Paint, install to \'93Current User\'94 or \'93Tux Paint Application\'94 instead.}